[Music]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
to more
[Music]
[Applause]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Music]
yes
[Applause] [Music
]
[Music]
today
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
[Applause]
[Music]
ah
to
[Music]
ah
and
[Music]
to
well
i
[Music]
and
well friends tim  kelly continues one hundred
ah
[Music]
yes
hello javi in ​​the residence where I work they
need grandparents we are with very
few are you interested I clean your
room and the mattress face crying with
laughter face crying with laughter face sticking out his
tongue and winking an eye old man
closed dog face
[Music]
ah
i
[Music]
i [
Music]
to
[Music]
good night family let's see there are people
I'm asking how do I do that what do I
have to do to give you editor
[Music]
thanks walter to
and
[Music]
i [Music]
[Music] [Music
]
thanks to gilberto
[Music]
in your control panel
in my control panel what do I
click manage goals without taking into
account
[Music]
control panel but of collapsible
malleable community
and
these deaths
[Music]
and air very well moderator more
volleyball editor
olei ta ta ta ta and  Loranca also
potato and also elevate
by Otor gold
no no no no
to clarify anything
and the uncle south also back back
nor Paula is for me
wow
to be welcome
well it looks very cool my friend it
looks very cool to see him already vere
[Music] [Music]
[Music]
from turbo we turn off the music we turn off the
music now families I'm going to be there for a little
while I'm going to comment on some things
that Paulo Paulino sent me and well
in there there is and Loranca they
sent me some things Loranca our
places I'm going to comment on the girlfriend the
camera I'm so sleepy been three hours
in the Señoría and I'm sleepy what do they
give her be it from France lie the
coffee has agreed with you Javi no I'm not
even going to upload the extracts
now I'll upload it tomorrow when I
get up
where to become a member I'm going to put the
link and the title has already changed
turbo play out airplay is coming they hire the
guy who
says
that I made a turbo plan author they give the quad
and they give anyone the girl is like that the one
who argues with the other time the one who
argued with the orange percent paris
sent here a couple of things from the nba
but I don't know if the subject
to see back tone but to
comment on it here in a moment to see you I
leave the link of members ok the
link of members I leave it pinned in the
sahara itself ok in the chat a
pinned comment the members
have sent me this so that I comment
on dallas
with wind and it would be the only fight that I would
accept funny writes wind in the
drawing of the blonde done now ok let's see
dallas has to investigate again
like before the click of blonde is edited
and says dallas that you stop touching the
balls heavy of the balls said what about
wind and as is there is nothing edited
well there is nothing edited I don't know if there is
something edited just go we have seen it
everyone the whole internet is one is
objective sanz yes it is true that he
says it the first part of the video sites
true that he says it I would accept if she
wanted a fight with wind and ta ta ta ta ta ta
na it's a joke it's a joke okay
but then the part of how he hits her  the
area like that with the arms and you don't know it's
edited literally it's objective there's
nothing edited really it's
fast you justify the most
disgusting [ __ ] the most disgusting [ __ ] as if it were
nothing repulsive the double standards let's see the
double standards yes I've already said it if
it were to Dallas whoever made that joke
a youtuber would surely sue him
okay and we would defend him and we
would defend him but let's see no
lava he's
not going to rectify that I think that the
puppy thing he did rectify it it was a
little funnier and funnier but once
this was done he's going to keep it going but
not all of them and you sent me done I shouldn't
joke about these things Daniel no no no
[ __ ] no [ __ ] it's a joke
thanks. juan terán
and
this woman and he disgusts me a lot what
are they joking about don't move the [ __ ]
camera
don't move the [ __ ] camera man I think
that in reality the camera what it does is
go up
while it goes while we are
here live the camera tends to go
up but in one of those that I
hit the table it
falls
down and then  it's coming back one I observed
the camera has life the tripod has
life
families that is a stupid joke
is that it is a stupid joke the
truth is that a stupid joke
what were we going to say and we are going to say something
about me kids dot com well thank you
of course to the kid who
has made me the whole overlay incredible I
don't know if I would put it a little darker
fact that seems a little darker to you
or I put it myself not with him yes yes I
put it myself no nothing happens it will happen I
put it myself
while I tell you while
the people come in I
put it myself don't worry but yes yes we
have to put the name until the
use where is the use you
have to put a moment a moment of
course here
and go there was that he said something about my
kids that we had uploaded something
there or that I had dreamed it he hadn't
told me something but it was in a private way not as a
team not
as a teammate not having a black background
everything below
and here yes I think that this is
perfect okay well thank you very much the
kid how  the boy called aire what was the
name of the boy who
did this to us finally we have a
proper act man
what always makes me blush but
this always happens on all
computers now I turned like
orange the other time what always makes me
blush my chest is very orange
talking to me something like that he's crazy about barça for
things that I really don't have time for
saturation to the maximum stop
and oh and what's the name of the boy hayden who
did this to us
here he comes there on base in what was the
name of the good boy now when
aire tells me the boy's name we will
thank the boy who finally did it
there was a light gray line in the
chat that it's time to re-edit the network and he's
writing
on the network and it's leaving a postcard he has the
drawing it's not that we did it it's not that it's
a mistake and it stays visible a
bit we did it on purpose what I'm not
sure if I should leave the networks fixed or
have made like a video that is removed
no now always fixed no
but finally it gave finally we have one time proper act
guys [ __ ] this is
blessed glory  if this is no longer
embarrassing dude everything is [ __ ] great
this is so hot this is hot right now
totally hot said it's
[ __ ] great right now this is I love it dude I love it hey dude Ivan I don't know what's wrong with the new computer but I would have taken it with this one disconnect the secondary hard drive the one I have as storage in the computer and since I don't really know if it's damaged
since today
so if you hear it because
maybe the mic doesn't pick it up but when
I take off the headphones
and the [ __ ] noise is very unpleasant dude I
opened it again from the front from the
back and moved a little cable to see
what's playing but it sounds like
a fan I'm doing something dude
Javi everything is going wrong for you it just keeps going on I
have very bad luck in life I
have very bad luck in life
everything in life goes wrong for me I suck [ __ ] I
'm a [ __ ] good one let's see
let's try to get this live out in
front okay
but we have to locate those days the
satse throwing the mercè
we have to locate it because he
precisely made me a pc that doesn't
sound a pc that doesn't  I can
hear a noise if I put it high, let's see,
the microphone might not pick it up much,
but it's done poorly, despite not making any noise,
and now I don't know if I've left a
loose cable or whatever that's
rubbing or if when the
fan turns on it's moving it,
although this is very annoying, it's very
annoying, those noises have to be found,
many sources cause it because of a
saving mode with a button, it should be activated
manually, look at who is activated
saving mode
where where is that saving mode, what's
down here,
Ivan, why do you have to talk to me about the
joke? If I'm speaking to you in public,
the cables, I've set it correctly, I have
n't done anything special out of this world
saving mode saving mode, windows knows, let's
see how to activate or deactivate saving mode, it
would be in power options,
power options, let's see if it
was that, but not providing op
power options,
power and suspension settings, that's what this one has
here, we weren't always, never and never, it
's something touched, it has been after
like this after the hard drive that I
removed and put it back in,
it's from the source directly from behind,
from the panel, it doesn't sound to me  a little
further ahead look I get the
impression it is but well let's see the
salsero because I have connected
simply well let's be this already maybe we
also try practically I
have connected to react to what
the crash has done it is thinking of doing it
on the main channel of
course through here because I can well from
now on you will not be able to because
look pib for blocked by chulito
the crash has responded to it juan we are
not
going to see what
this guy said it was
going to be a video for the main one or
rather because what he
says to record it on the main one is surely powerful
but well it's that many of the beat
upload a video to the main one in fact it was
going to be a lot of cloth
since it's going to be many of the truth do you
need help with the pcch hurray
look man I'm hearing a noise turn
up the volume on the gold turn up the volume
on the headphones listen to it
and it's since yesterday when I restored it I
disconnected the secondary drive it said hard
and reconnected it hey so that it doesn't get
deleted or anything by mistake
and it seems that I had to leave something there is
something that touches the fan but I can't
find the one that turned it back  to dismantle I ca
n't find the one I love to dismantle you have to
open the lid and I can't find the
one man I can't
find that I'll ask him tomorrow
Cristian
28 I'll ask him because he knows the fish
he just mounted it by
hand do it directly he tells me
here here here you know don't
touch anymore
and of course and I Juan no fire in friend is
what he said you're wrong head dog you
Juanillo is a very good guy a very good
guy and I have a lot of appreciation for him everything
that is Juanillo to Juanillo Juanillo
Aurum Place and I all who are the
big ones to all who are the
powerful ones and I Juan Lauro and well and vice versa
that was lukewarm with him choca but those who
gave him well the periodic or in the
snout that for me were the best
euros and they go with that he's not going to get
angry or have the balls to raise his
voice with that he's not going to have the balls to
raise his voice that I tell you I already
tell
content creators that we have
criticized him that we are salté channels or we
have dedicated ourselves to throwing them I don't know that
we are  we are not worse than
him we are not very different from what
he has done I do not know what but I juan
who said the same thing I say the same thing only that
yellow juan also monetized that
live in another criticizing me uam there
are many people who think I do
n't like him and he wins but I will not fall for him I do not [ __ ]
if I do not dislike him I like him I had
a couple of clashes because I was stung by a
couple of things that I say because I took it
personally
ozaki my arm is going to be beautiful
how beautiful my arm has been left man
what is left for me because there are still
many holes still here I see a hole they were
not going like beto this hole to fix it there is a
lot of little hole over there but
well this is looking incredible
thank you very much to the ones I am using a
camera that I had there in the furniture for
22 years there they keep the furniture and
the camping buys it and look at you we could be we could have been for
two years now that it
looked like this I will
paint it for you with a pen tomorrow in its
corner thank you very much will you remember everyone
could be a member or I have left the
link of fixed members
you  I lived in the arm you know that I
tattooed the logo of the Lordship showing it
this afternoon well you can see it in the live
of trying that I have done about Dallas and
Windi okay if you want to see it the
first thing is the following that no
cable is rubbing against any fan
just see I think that no I think that I
have that clear God it
is true that he
was very
harsh in his statements especially
after speaking with me and he also
apologized to me privately
that he asked me it is that I am not
understanding this here the problem that we are going to
have
the area of ​​​​commands by email please
the second is to verify through the
programs of your motherboard is to see if
an overclocking configuration was not made and that he
sends me by email we will do it
now at the end of the live I have to
have the PC properly configured and you by
Friday that the good I have to
show you something Álvaro Parejo Friday
at about three thirty four in the
afternoon I think I will do a live to
show you something okay
today I have had some brutal brutal brutal job proposals
hopefully I can tell by
Friday  Saturday also on
Saturdays I can tell one okay that I don't know
if it will turn out well or badly I will try okay
but the one that is coming that will be for
months okay one that is coming that they have
proposed to me that will be for months that he doesn't
know if you are going let's not say to know it
cool plan because he doesn't know anymore he calls this
afternoon and I didn't tell anyone in
fact we tell anyone I didn't
remember to tell anyone they
called me in the afternoon pomp and a half or
no I don't have breakfast the evictions are
nothing that you know because it is a thing a
new project to do
my name is a very brand a
company that didn't
call me a communications company to
do something [ __ ] I'm going to leave it there
yet
the proposal I said if it goes or if it's
cool to do it myself I count on me a
communications company a
communications medium okay called me for me to be
there doing something I can't say that
because then I'll say no
but hey listen it could be cool for me it could
be very handsome I'm going to
start my own
telephone company let's see a
communications company a brand could be a
newspaper could be a radio station could be
a TV alice  called thank you very much
can you be a collaborator can be a
presenter can be a thousand things no
we'll see no
but oh well flip
man Barbie
[Music]
cata thank you very much friends here it was your turn to go up and I do
n't have this started here I have to start it
well I've already
put it of the miss
how bad
in conditions while I speak to you
but as I was saying I was throwing myself at the temple
and me
what pst blue
what stench from the south what stench
thank you
very much friends thank you very much friends just now we just
saw your twitter precisely
god
is
aria welcome welcome to aries
welcome area thank you very much
we are starting a session electric trio
and putting here in the
here putting on the vertical monitor in
the notifications man I'm not
used to having this monitor here
man wife passed it we bought it hey it wo
n't let me be a member someone
help me it's there you have the link pinned
in the description hey welcome to
all of you who come from the southern channel
I hope you had a good time here we are going
to deal with I think more or less the same
topics
in fact that I was connecting that's why it
connects me because the whole
shock has happened I said this little jump I
can't let it escape so oh well
yes  Do you want a second opinion on what
the south was seeing, here it is,
thank you very much. Well, nothing, I already have it
open, I already have it open, a
lot of people are following it right now in
the south, thank you all, welcome, welcome, welcome, thank you
very much,
I'm like the south but handsome, just kidding,
joking, the south is also handsome. Yesterday and the dye was
done regularly, things are as they are, the
dye needs to be added a shade of d'or so that it
stays silver, man, I
don't have the money, but anyway,
thank you very much, welcome everyone, welcome everyone, do
you have a cart cart,
ta ta ta
ta,
because he realized that it had
been much harder than it should have been,
being my friend, but
the problem with this is that, of course, we're not
going to know because surely neither Auro
nor him nor I are
going to talk about it again, nor is it going to
get together and is going to
deny or confirm this,
Chocas, on his own,
has made public
the apologies from Aurum Play, supposed
apologies from Aurum Play and decided to play
with him,
what's going on is that when
will they be, yes, yes, I would like to see what to go
and listen to  how were those apologies
because it seems very strange to me that both of them hit
you with the newspaper in
the mouth live and in private they
apologize for having done it if they really
were apologies because they
regretted something they had done they would do it
in public
precisely today we were talking about
that in the lordship of course what
happens to me is very private things things that
happen in private I don't have them here they are
published don't touch me sorry in public you
understand but if they are things that are
seen in public if they know privately they don't
solve anything in private they
don't regret it and
I imagine that what they must have said
is hey excuse me if you are upset about the
rights
excuse me if what he
said bothered you you understand why other
apologies make sense and he clashes here he
makes it public without their permission
because he feels small he wants to
feel the greatest but he feels
small next to aurum play el
laudio juan juliá what was said the other day I
mean for me the clash has gone too
far but for me I have played much
more
for me  and I will play a lot more
I don't know about you but I think that I am
much more
and now it is higher than Chosas
the clash has had the peaks in the
tournament and such but also that the clash
of the second in the tournament
if I had been second in the
Lake tournament and that it would not have had the million and a
half spectators
I
familiar
[Music]
I think that the clash is being respected
the hierarchy that he knows that he has to
respect the hierarchy of them wahid and d
auro
and he knows that that is why he is small because of
the total knee here but it has not been a
bad friend it is not that he has been a bad friend it
is that Juan
is a guy who is a very good person and he is
a very transparent guy okay and sometimes he does
not realize that
being in the public at point what
turns me on Kurt Works says for me he
even donated himself to talk
about those issues is that I want we are going to be
three weeks old and he still does not
because we have exploiting the
issues that also of course so that
he does not stop with the subject he does
not stop with the subject I made a video
on the main channel for his live
yesterday and  today again that's because he's
not letting him think in peace, he
's not happy and he doesn't have a
clear conscience about how he's looked in
public, that's why he
won't let go of the subject or the place he's in.
If he were
calm with his image and how
his dignity has been left, he would
let the subject go so that it would fall
into oblivion as soon as possible. Cut,
welcome to, thank you very much, king,
congratulations on the 10 months. Do you
understand? He knows that he's looked
terrible and made a fool of himself? Many times you have to
be more moderate in your comments
because,
to begin with, you give rise to many
more interpretations of your messages
because there are things that are left very
open, you understand, and it's not the same thing when
four colleagues are talking and you are
direct with your colleague as he has been
with me on WhatsApp than in
front of 70,000, 80,000 people because,
for example, I am also aware of
many of Juan's defects, but I don't
say them live because these are things that are
better dealt with in private because we
all aspire to be better people,
Juan too, and Andrés and his entire group of
friends or Ibai or all of us, we all aspire to
be better people and some  we make
more mistakes than others like me, I
make a lot, I have many mistakes,
much to my regret, I have many mistakes,
but it's true that sometimes, when we're in
a position like the one we're in, it
's very difficult to find the
perfect words to define
a friend's complicated situation, it's
true that he didn't choose the right ones,
the truth is that he screwed up, but it's
okay because Juan is a very good guy and he didn't
do it with malice.
[Laughs] It doesn't make
sense, it's not going to change in his [ __ ]
life, it's not going to make sense that I'm arranging the multiple
accounts, for sure, for sure, for sure,
this guy
bought a cell phone this week so he doesn't screw up
again
and start the accounts on his cell phone so he
never leaves them open on
the computer,
how shameless, dude,
that guy is passive aggressive, I see it as
a way of saying, don't even think about
talking about me because I also know something, I don't
understand your message Jong, but come on,
this guy probably bought a
cell phone and is connecting with a VPN or
something, you know, like, call them so they don't
catch him with a VPN again,
a VPN so that his status  to
activate the bank
these are my things to activate the twitter bank
but if from a mobile so as not to
leave it open again,
the boy thank you very much
after this he should go be
careful to consolidate and through the internet and
because anyone can be the socas the
socas
so that a vpn because twitter is
supposed to I don't know if it will be like that but twitter is
yes I think it is like that obviously because
I know a lot of people who have been
planning it when they manage your account on
twitter they manage all the rest of the
accounts that you have okay why why why does
twitter know by the ip I
imagine by the device or whatever that it
is the same the same person or in the
tedium room and what I mean is that
in some way he warns the
asked juan that he also knows bad things about him
but that he doesn't talk about it in public if that is what
look at those criticisms that he ends that is what he
just said there are people
who say it but the majority of us do not have an
opinion okay in the sense that you on
internet issues if someone is your
friend you cannot criticize them you cannot give your
opinion let's see it depends on me for example
imagine me like  salt channel I know or that
I could not talk about the topics that
concern my friends and now I'm
talking about all the topics on the
internet about all the youtubers but I
can't talk about the people I get along with
to see if they have flaws and now they're
all talking about the subject except me that
sticks it absolutely not worth it okay I
can not be disrespectful and be a little
softer obviously with the people
I get along with waiting to give my opinion I'm going
to give my opinion and if I don't have a good opinion for those who
want to get angry well water
because in the end the internet
or people on the internet
have more affinity for some more
appreciation it gets to gain appreciation of
course I have appreciation for a lot of people on the
internet but in the end you have to
be in your place you know
look it's in your place man if it's
something super personal like it's something
intimate that you know about him then something that he
didn't publish you're not going to expose
the public will tell it privately
what they are doing but if a
viral topic a salsero knows how it was made
of chocas how can he not give his opinion and Uruguay
how not  is going to give her opinion and I, Juan, am
not going to disrespect her regarding the crash, but since she's
not going to give her opinion, of course
the one who did this type of thing is going to give her opinion, the one who
did this type of thing, from there things are there with
a friend room they say you
are not friends strangers for a year and I am a
companion from the internet you can have
good vibes good feeling or you can have
appreciation of course I'm not saying the
opposite I have affection for people on the
internet that I have not even seen in person and I
have appreciation for them
for example the CNE for example alada
okay but if they do something imagine the da
is in a salsero the da and I have to give her
opinion against her I'm going to do it the
same as she did with me in fact it has happened
mutually absolutely nothing happens
as long as there is no disrespect or
betrayal it is a tradition for me it is that
I tell something that she has told me
privately the da or she me no but that
will never happen
now that we criticize each other because she
argues with one is not right is
now the one who usually says this type of
things because they do not want criticism
because they  he wants the criticism but
what happens to him
but he wants the criticism it
seems that he wants to insist that I
play his soul mate so that he can
maintain a good image with the viewer
yes he is his soul mate but he
is hitting him the host he
is hitting him the ops since he
screwed up that he has apologized what the [ __ ] has he
apologized sirio one would like to
apologize yes also and giovan was
there bashar and ximo if they go he would like to
apologize he would have done it in
public because he hasn't done it because no
I think he hurt ua and the aura what they
will have told him that this guy is [ __ ]
and he is twisting them blue to his liking what they
will have told him is sorry if he is
offended by guilt and he is upset that he
tell you things
but no apologies for the withdrawals direcon
no way
hey because the background
if I move away the background comes into focus but if
I stay more or less around here
if I stay more or less around here it
focuses on me from the focus to the background he
is more handsome no like that no
and if I have time let's see if I agree with
him to configure white text for me and
that I'm sure the quality settings can't be improved
and I'm going to stick with that because Juan is a
person for whom I have a lot of esteem,
the idea of ​​​​then but it is
true that it could have been managed in
another way it's not true but it's
okay but it's not like it was
good night churra I've been following you since you
know and I've even edited a
free video like Pau haha ​​due to
health problems I find myself at home quite a lot
and I'm rewatching all your
channels since the beginning I'm going through the
saga gossiping haha ​​thanks for giving us
hours of
this I don't know why I do
n't know why I'm going to look at it in it
[Music]
it's that I don't know why when you send a
long message it cuts out thank you very much
friends who meditates on a video and who you
are I don't know who you are and what video meditates for
free
but to smoke don't say it's an
audience dude because it cuts out this has to be
able to be removed for sure I imagine it will
be who
in bits
when reading duration of course I
put it to the maximum
okay if someone wants to give beats now
like and put a long message another
time what are you going to try  that it doesn't cut off
okay I have it here it's true man I
have a monitor and where I have
another monitor here where it reads the
notifications but also if you can
do the test please someone who
wants to donate bits even if they have
Darby's thought today take the test because I ca
n't stand what I just played
okay can you use Yuna or even
edit a free video for you like Paula due to
health problems I am at home
a lot and better watching all of
your channels since the beginning I go through the
agro pulling thanks for giving us
content now can you send a greeting to
Tulsa it
is a loving nickname for my girlfriend who is
recovering from an operation
a hug from Barcelona and I am not the
soca I would like the salary
Tulsa
you know you you know that could be
a troll or not
well a greeting Tulsa
greeting Tuzsa I don't know I can't find the bullfighting
surely they are sneaking me no
surely they are sneaking us Tuzsa
I love you
recover my weapon I don't know I don't
know they always finish school he has
eaten me with potatoes
but a bad friend he is not a bad friend he is
simply he is  a person who sometimes
speaks without filters on certain topics,
well
their psychologist will advise them to say
blushing or jota or
balbi thank
you very much no no no he hasn't gone to the psychologist yet because I'm not from your world and you're not from mine here a cup breaks and each to their own path I really made the attempt even though a thousand doubts arose I always knew deep down
but the truth is scary today even though it hurts to
accept it ours is not a fight okay he does
n't hold back anymore thank you friends thank you very much he
can make mistakes in the way he communicates you
understand them how it could happen to
any of us certainly being so so
so completely exposed but it's not a
bad friend no me no not at all
simply because well yes I feel that I
could have handled it in another way
like for example a very good example
Jordi Gual of
course with the same I have been many less
see a good example of karting and you
liked what he said Jordi Gual
come on for me what he said I tell you he
was regrettable from love
from respect but it was regrettable
this type of roof that has changed nothing
of Sanya changes and has  thoughts to
change obviously it doesn't change
week but see that it doesn't have to be the
guy it's always going to be the same
the god he is the king and the others are garbage
or rather the one who screwed up and jouan touch your
[ __ ]
you touched jordi's [ __ ] that was lamentable
jordi was the chocas mental health be
careful with your mental health some are
going to do something crazy as if
chocas was going to commit suicide because now
everything understands it is criticizing what
the anp and already be
careful not to criticize this one to see if it is
going to be known if you are going to comment on something crazy that a
madness comes over me because
people are criticizing them because the
antilla insulting people from
multi-account what the [ __ ] what [ __ ] in what
world do we live it's not a folder or just
what the [ __ ] this guy is tight for
nothing
you see that this man has blown up
look at the attitude he has you see
that this man has blown up as
people were saying how good he looks tight tight
is that tight that what has been
done to him
well I had and pig it when the video
is late or tight balls
everyone look good look bad
yes you've already seen why why they have
made him carache they continue
calling him a pedophile to this day after
all the trials he has been through I don't know
what I don't know how sorry you are that you have
a super sick person but this one that happens to
this one that they have done
this that he has done to him during the week of
vacation to get out of the way with what there
would be with what he had messed up and
period
and period
finished from the scope but what is
regret that he does not regret we have already
seen in the main video the
only thing that the only thing he regrets is the
clumsiness of having left that on the
screen that day and that they caught him
but he is about to do something crazy
because people criticize him because with
false
sometimes what a congo but that is that
opinion if he liked it it clashes it is like that
juanillo but he knew how to handle it in
another way because because jordi gual
has much more experience making that
type of statements than
juan has so you can't ask pears from the
elm tree either I do not understand or rather
obviously jordi is a guy who tries
so many topics you
can't ask pears from an elm tree you just
left Juan you
just put Juan on it like an
illiterate
like a person a hick or something socas
versus Javi for the 3rd evening of the year I
tell you the same thing that Choco said the
other day at the macro with whom when they
proposed that I'm not taking
three months off from here to train no way I'm
terrible I paid a
personal trainer that cost me a fortune and I gave her
the money and I didn't go I went for three days and more and
bending over super hard and doing super
hard things that my body couldn't handle and I said I
can't the truth and that imposes a
schedule that I can't do anymore gymnastics
because that's what I work I can't
have a schedule I don't know where I'm going
until three in the afternoon tomorrow I don't
know if at three in the afternoon tomorrow it
could cost half a nap or I'm going to have to
record because he said I don't
know that Choco said how long ago
that was worth on the one hand what if he trains
is to get into a living body
because I'm getting a little bit at
nipples to the ground okay plan to get
well like I was when I train because
me running in two in two months
training I get super cool they
summon us Rafa Mora or anyone his area I
like but in a plan a nice
good guy you know but in a month
or two that I will have a gym at home
yes yes just stop there I play as
if I were a hick and as if Jordi as he
is the one he has defended because Jordi is
somewhat morally superior
okay
morally superior you can't ask
pears from the elm
I edited the video of the powerful and kit
censoring their faces with the hitmen in
that 12 hours and I recovered more than 40
videos when you had a problem in the
secondary channel by the way you
promised us another one in the new setup and no
no it is a troll eolo from tuzsa haha
oh well I don't know if you will be this guy who
uploaded all the equity videos or if you
are the guy who is from all the
videos xd
if you don't mind deleting it please because
not everything is thrown away because I know that at the
time it was for  get it back but
if you are that guy save it please
because the subject here is very strong
many years ago yes yes I remember that
well I don't remember I
know that someone edited the subject of the
and the censorship because they put me
decision to give that video of course
what they said in that video was very strong well
a hug from servants and very important
in very delicate ways Juan no Juan is
a guy who does things his
way and he does them very well but it's
true that sometimes that can
lead him to well have you seen how
passive adhesively he sucks his
[ __ ] a little mind that he gives her the stick
guy
while he hits her the sticking he just
told her that you can't ask pears from an
elm tree it ends up
yes on the one hand
that you can't ask pears from the oven
it's that the houses are ways I don't know what
but but he does them very well what happens is that it
leads him I don't know that you're throwing
[ __ ] at him guy go dispute in front of a
shitty game only more
head on and put people in their place
when they are random when you can
crush yourself with a finger simply as it is  in
this case one or aurum play
you are the sleeping beauty
when you see that when when it is
someone superior in numbers to you you are
a beast you are the lion king you are not
very false
but when when it is someone who
can crush you with mauro a play
simply like that euro play if you want like that
for a finger pretty money like socas he
had no consequences for his actions he did not
learn anything like auron and I juan they do not
respond but maybe they will explode and
respond no he does not do it nor are they going to
deny this apology I do not know what
no it is not going to enter into controversy
maybe he does not measure his words well in
some things but that does not make him bad
friend not at all man
if he does it well a person who also has his things and his defects and that well sometimes you do not act in the perfect way all the time you know how it happens to me as it happens to all of us we have to normalize that not everyone is perfect in their statement
about something it is not like that he is a
very visceral person too and I have
seen it that way and I understand it he
was sorry I spoke to him
in private and all but nothing happens
because I know that he didn't do it with malice
because he's a good person I think that
Juan is a very good guy I really believe him so well there are
no problems there is no bad vibes because of that you
know nothing happens
Juan said that he barely knew you in my
opinion he swung completely they are
comments that are wrong it's true but
because he is comparing him like with
Andrés it's that of course he doesn't know anything a is that
a friend the word friend
for me the word friend would be me Juan and
Andrés
and given Juan and Andrés
but they are people who have known each other for
many years who know each other's
defects their virtues
personal secrets of life you can
vent you are an
internet colleague he is a work colleague a
cordiality for business dude
the channel only I sent them all to you
by we transfer a hug sir I wo
n't interrupt your reaction anymore hehe a kiss
thank you very much friend you
can get good words out of him when he clashes with
others and not feel that someone
can crush him but look at you
here for those who have good words
are for those who really don't like him
notice  the speech he gave with
mariana he had a speech prepared
hoping that he was going to win the award
for mariana for mariana's second
in mind surely he has
good words for mariana for ibai
for aura for precisely those in which he does
not have good words from his
multi account the real personality of
chocas is that of catv pino is that of
chocas
what socas really thinks is what is written
in catí bip and not what they put
in chocar
that is the real personality
but then I say be a friendship a friend
in socas forgive you you can sleep
peacefully face rolling with laughter
surely he cares a lot about yoga since I am
not telling you that you can appreciate
people I have appreciation for her at all but
now open a friendship
a friend in my friend in which my friend who
is my friend since I am in 1st
grade with her
in my friend angela friend I do not have friends friends I have friends I have
good
colleagues but friend what is a good friend I
have one but friends
I what are friends the
fingers of one hand I have friends that
are from real life are you a friend from the
south man friend no but it is  a colleague that I
appreciate and of
course but a friend is not
a friend I think it is not someone from the
internet
Enrique is a good colleague that I am getting
to know and we have met several
times and another thing of course
Enrique for example
is a good colleague of course
a good colleague already our families
know each other and they have become very good
friends our family knows but sorry to be
really colleagues you still keep them for a short
time and such but he could become
a friend because I like him a lot
and he is a very noble person you know but
for example
[Music]
the guy his name I have
appreciated him for
many years a colleague colleague from the
platform
but a friend for me is someone more
a friend is someone who holds your
forehead when you are drunk you are
voting it is that
here the word friend is
used let's see if we use it very
lightly and I also use it because I
think that it is used as if it encompasses
any person for whom you get along
many times but really
really going into depth
a friend
but a friend in real life not
those on the internet
now that does not mean that you fit
precisely the internet
appreciates a lot of people in  internet
for real price without needing to
meet him in person to many to many
in fact I hear many of them at price to
price and that it wouldn't hurt them and that it wouldn't
screw them you know what I mean
black if he compares him to andres neither me
nor ibai he doesn't know any of us nor do I
know him if I compare him to rabat
with whom I just ate who is a
friend that since I was 14 in a
friend by that rule of three then none of
us know each other you
know but he didn't say it with he didn't say it
like I
think it's that you don't know them it's that you
know us and one doesn't know what
the other is like in private doesn't know how
of you know like at home knows if he's a
hygienic person know what type of
people he associates with you know what type of
manias he has at home what type of
tastes what type of manias he has when it comes to
eating if he likes this he likes
the others if he likes the hoarse side he
likes it with the other related everything
to drunkenness
dad knows what I'm telling you I mean
a friend not a friend a  A
friend understands you, look, a friend is a
person who is not only there through
thick and thin because I have had
colleagues on the internet, several of the just ones you
know that we have made a
cable we see each other, help with things in
real life when one has had a slump
or the other to talk to him
and to encourage him and to give him advice
okay but a friend is something a friend is
a friend is someone who with a look
knows what you are thinking you
understand me
a friend is someone who knows that with a
look or color that you already look at him and you see
the face he is making to know if
something is not sitting well with him, you know what he
needs you understand me
and that does not mean that I cannot have a lot of
people and I have appreciation for a lot of
people, a lot of internet colleagues
but man
when
my friend did
not say it with the intention of wanting to say
oh I don't know him at all but I don't
know him as much as I can know a
friend of mine since I was six years old
then maybe he could have
something in his life that I don't know
just like Juan could have it on my
part because I already know him and he is a
friend of mine but he is not  just as much a friend as
my lifelong friends
so juan may have private things
that I don't know a lot about and
vice versa that's what juan wanted to say
but of course if you read that or you see
that comment it seems like what he
means is I don't know this guy at all
and that's not what he means what he means
is [ __ ]
I would be much more surprised if
this had happened to Andrés [ __ ] or to
Guille or to his friends don't name him
at all but to his group just like me I'm
furious what's wrong with the duende
here you have here you have the
perfect example wings I was friends with javi
sad face but relieved give to a person
that I appreciate I appreciate a lot the
truth
how do you not know the name of the group the
names of the groups of friends of
delirio huang
how are you calling a person a friend
who doesn't know who he hangs out with
God's own followers juan
know the names of the entire group of
friends said huang
because he has known the friends since
the md show
and it turns out that this man does
n't even know the names of who he hangs out with
jouan who his  closest friends
by law
who have known each other for a few months and who have been
talked about for a few months
are work colleagues point
coco to the streets that if this happened to me and
my lifelong friends officially I would be
four times more surprised if
this had happened to Juan or Negro
because they are people that I know and that I
consider my friends but they are not as much
my friends as my lifelong colleagues
you know that is what he meant to
say you know what I think he
meant let's say he hasn't
called him it seems like
every day that Barcelona
I think that was the point that
he wanted to say but really Juan you
should not mess with Juan and if any
of you think that Juan has acted
badly I can understand but no do not
mess with him for that because he is a
person he is a very good guy and he simply
there he has expressed things as is how he
felt at that moment and he is like that with everything
he is like that with everything no you
should not make those comments because they are they are
ugly because they leave him in a bad
place and he is not a bad person I mean he is
making it look like the  that the one who ends up in
more places and I one is the axis of fire
has no remedy it came out sincerely I
think that he is in the typical person who
is in a way and has no remedy
or rather he is trying to
convince himself
he knows that he is not but he is trying to
convince himself and his chat
take advantage of the fact that he has the chat but he
is wanting to convince himself that the one
who has looked bad is Juan that the one who has
looked bad is Juan that Juan has a
bad face people
are a person who has no remedy it
is ugly no he did not say it with that spirit
guys really I promise you that he has not
done it with that spirit
or he promises segment I value the
loyalty of my friends and in those
comments they would have hurt me and today I
only understand yes I understand but I
do those things privately
you
understand all the things of this
style came out of this style and of this nature I
talk about them privately I know these are things
that I am not going to tell you you
know because I respect privacy
for such personal matters it
is not a private matter it is not a privacy matter it
is a move  that you are
having in public
worldwide
it is as if his brother gets into a
controversy with
against one guarnizo
and I do not comment on it because I do not want to
go to [ __ ] or water or his brother
you understand me no
but he is not going to disrespect him you are not
going to stab him against
private things but if the whole internet is
talking then you speak that he does the same
good by saying things because
many times maybe the
person that you appreciate does not tell you takes things more into account
then the opinion that I have about
his way of acting Juan knows but
I do not think that communicating it here is the
right thing I do not think it is the right thing
because he is a person that I appreciate, that I
respect and that I consider a friend
so well his way of acting is something
that I value behind closed doors not
simply outside doors and obviously
if I had managed things in a different
way and each one manages them as
best they can you should not
blame anyone because in such
complicated moments as best they can be you
realize it is belittling him
water he is making him look like a hick  that it's not that he does
n't have
the same intelligence as him or rather
that he has his limitations that Juan
has his limitations that he's a hick
from Andalusia from wherever he is he knows that he's a
hick and what's good he's done what he
could he's managed it
as best he can as he knows how well because
he's not a professional in that sense he does
n't know how to manage a situation like that
don't ask pears from the elm tree if you
notice he keeps
stomping on him under water
stomping on him stomping on him shoving his head
in the mud because he's resentful because it
hurt him because surely because of what I
said later he ended up worse he
crashed and he knows it and with what he said
employs euroempleo and it hit him in the
ego
breaks it hit him in the ego and he
has it here
five times five times in the video
back in the video of his return five
months said the son of a [ __ ] auro hit me with an
ax but it won't happen he's very good he's
very good people I love him but he hit me with
the ax later they can hit me again  ax
blow like aurum play that
gave me an ax blow there will be very good but it is
very good but very good that's because
not because he has it here it does not have to
hurt his ego his
ego hurts he
needs a bath of humility totally
or rather it has
not had any repercussions
on the contrary man we have had a
very big streamer
eating in the [ __ ] and saying
nonsense like you crash he crashes what
has happened is that he needs help be
careful not to criticize him too much because
mental health
and he has not lost that he has lost
followers he learned something he continues with the
same viewers this guy what they would
need would be a good pines that I
really wish bad on no one do not get me
wrong
but after a person who
insults his audience I do not know that I do not know
how much I
think he needs a bath of
humility of the eighty stick that you
realize that you can see it completely and that
you can be left with nothing
2 act in one another one in another way
because they are very difficult moments to
manage live very very difficult and
also that it is something that is already past or
rather that we do not have to  give it more thought
but nobody is saying that nobody is
saying that you are very mistaken about yourself
or you are very mistaken if you think that
someone is trying to say that you are
very mistaken hey I'm going to put you in but I
don't allow anyone to let go juanillo I'm
going to allow it very mistaken if you
think that someone is trying to
no but the ring nobody nobody is there
in trujillo
the giro I can't find the chat tour
in such complicated moments to act in one way
or another because they are
very difficult moments to manage
live very very difficult and also it
is something that is already past or rather there is no need to
give it more thought
I can't find it
no but I chose nobody nobody is
saying that is nobody is telling them you
are very mistaken you are very
mistaken 21 those who by their way of
acting control gilio
what would it be that
la giro would be saying is something because I respect
privacy for such festive topics of
this style and of this nature I speak to them
privately and those are things that I am not
going to tell you you know because I
respect privacy for such personal topics
then the opinion that I have about
their way of acting Juan knows but
I  communicate it if it was they can't
read it
because we're going to delay the show from another
version he read him reading the chai was seen
on the screen
here I don't think it's the right thing to do I don't think it's the
right thing to do because he is
a person that I appreciate that I
respect and that I consider a friend then
his way of acting is something that I value behind closed
doors not
simply outside and obviously if I had
managed things in another way and each
one manages them as best they can, I
mean no you shouldn't mark anyone for
acting in such complicated moments I don't
exist the message that takes you to the one who is reading it depends on how quickly you delete it but it has taken up to and that is there in the family listen to me I have seen him read the screen read the chat and the message was on the screen at that moment
as if that message appears to us part 1
one in another way because they are
very difficult moments of Hesse does not come out to act
live very very difficult nothing comes out and
also that it is something that is already past, I mean that the
comment
the moderators do not say look there are 2 the
sleeping ones
lobe no but I have nobody  nobody is
saying that nobody is saying that you
are very wrong and I can imagine I was
feeding them to put on a medal for
planting it there is a name I don't think I don't believe
the time there will be a law maybe an SUV
or something that is reading you are very
wrong if you think that someone is
trying to say that you are very wrong
hey I'm going to put it against you I'm not allowed no I don't
allow anyone to insult Juanillo I'm
going to allow that God you
can't put it against your [ __ ] shitty
comment I ca
n't find a point in comment fear there [ __ ] I'm not going to tell you your [ __ ] shitty comment [ __ ]
[ __ ] if you got away with it by the [ __ ]
hairs like Pieter I'll put it in but
macabre
but don't say anything like that because it's
wrong guys I think whoever
said it to strengthen you
even if it was hard Juanillo doesn't seem like
the person who harms for the sake of harming of course God that's how you
have to really understand it make
an effort and despite the fact that it
may bother many people
make the effort to think that it is like that
because it is like that it is really like that he would
never do it with the intention of degrading or
offending or anything listen to me guys really regrettable regrettable
but
okay I'll see he sent me there by a
rib he
will have the strategy to come back but I don't
understand what strategy of strategy you
could be talking about that there will be and let's
see something happened great peter okay
and in the replies there are several famous people
ah okay peter has exploded let's
see
family something happened with peter okay I
have no idea I'm going to react
completely virgin here with you ok
why did they just send me right now it turns
out that it happened widely and the
appearance has to do with the fact that it
exploded well
you have to playing the value they have
exploded let's see what the
explosion was for them to have to
release a statement how serious it
could have been I like this kid it is
spoken to put several times not much I think it
was one that those of us who use a couple of
videos that the rsi or not I reactions and
in the squid game greet very little
more know plan but I
like him to put in nice I passed good guy I don't know if I'm wrong but I like him let's see what happens with the others and why does it often appear in the [ __ ] chat day in and
day out I ask myself how they feel
about  this or any other streamer
in the [ __ ] community uploads diamond and its
usefulness would be
rejoicing in praising it saying you are
three months in diamond three months and in
platinum
you are their machine my community pure
envy pure [ __ ] which is why there is
better than this too and it is a shame but it does
not
bother me because I am a guy, a
good guy, a guy who goes out for the success of
others and I think that is what I have always
fed on the channel so
have
[ __ ],
well that is already
for sale a little well put together
[ __ ] how it ends
there is something more it
is
more live and yet they do not
value but without ever putting the chat
open because understand what happens
but more and more and more and more
with reluctance it disgusts me to see punto vasco
the 8 year old children virgins and silly you
know points that come here to create
people and that they are screwed by the success of
others for me it is a degree so they go to the next
live next live and
next live and they are all going to be
modes use game I have them all and that's it
and so the point without normal who wants to give
their opinion if they want to scare to have to
at least pay me and subscribe com
prime
and I don't think
you subscribe because it supports if you know a
little about my life and it can surely happen to
that person
well it's ugly it's ugly what he's done he's
heated above all it has to
have a lot it can happen to anyone in
fact it has happened to me on some
occasion
after apologizing or the rule or it is
solved and that's it but you have to
realize that we are all human people
we are human people and there are things that
touch your dick and it had one day one day another
day and things that turn you on
or how it is scratching you what
turns you on for example I don't usually
pay attention to many things when they put a
lot of things there are times that I don't
realize when the topic is Dallas for
example
each comment is
arguing the people who come to comment it's
disgusting I mean you can I have
five or six channels not
many followers and many visits to the
secondary channel we have made 14 million
visits m
when they are other topics and I usually look at
the comments little not because of the fact
half are high when you are in bed
what's in the bathroom you want it but
realize that it is impossible for everyone  the
videos that are uploaded at the end of the day
will review each comment but when the
topic is Dallas
and when the Chocas thing has
always happened that as Dalai like the people who
hate it are people with nuances some things
that make you tired the things they
say
and very disgusting insults and
very
repulsive repulsive repulsive comments the things
that make you sick on duty
obviously I don't give a damn about the birds like I
don't take into account why such
but I think they are not my community
obviously we know for example when
of all the topics that I deal with during the
day that we upload 10 videos a day between 3
to the ceo the main one I don't know that I don't know
how much
everyone can't agree with me one
hundred percent okay but they
put it in other ways today it's skating
but when there are times when it's
not my community it's the communities
of these pathetic channels and they
come from more that you don't even see in the video they do
n't even know what I said in
the video and at the minute about the
trampolines but in things also like
you can see the intention to do
harm knows how to do  damage with the comment like
touching something that hurts you
they know the plan they go with the intention of hurting
you and no they don't take it into account then
the best tour comes a time imagine
that a moment comes here with the
most crossed wire to have a bad day or it has
happened to you with family or whatever and you get
here in a different way put on a good face but
the moment they come there you already know
your dead that you want to know what happened
a headbutt between the base it is known and in
the others there you get heated and you have to
learn to channel those to all
the characters it has happened to me but I know
that the most important thing is to analyze it
and
authorize it with art in another way but it ca
n't happen just anything else is
ugly for example we have seen in other
creators like the clash no answer
black people I don't know what you think has done it very
often they also look good I made a
video for that reason no
and I think I yell it and the ugly and the mockery
are things that are contempt for
people the people who feed you
because in the end before us
I am hell
there are many people who what the
analogy does  with the subject clients
as if I had a business having faith
in my client but it is not like that literally
because I am like one we are a community we are
like a kind of family we are
like a kind of people that
meet here to entertain ourselves have
a good time everyday pasta here with
him the way of the curtain as they call me
frank cuesta we are not here as a family
chatting everyday like when you go to the
bar inter reunites he understands that
evidently I am the one here that does the
work and the people for that subscribe give
their hanger I do not know what it is playing
the work in my business okay yes but it
is not like a client I would not compare it with a
clientele you understand me I mean I would not treat
you as a client production will treat you as a
client if someone I
mean
imagine
if someone says something that I don't like
sucks the [ __ ] of disrespect here in
front of everyone I do not care if
you are a member I have
how many members I have right now I think I have
my lens he is the ceo and here I
have two thousand and something I think it was we got
off the 2004 I left they would not
install for the 2000 again but it
sounds like dick that you go  I have a clown I
have another three thousand seven all
that matters to me one understands me yes it's
true that maybe someone
regrettable comes who deserves maybe
part to enable and a couple of slaps
but different you know
is different different
are possible that happen in life is that
here what happens is that we are live
and they are different I'm sorry for letting
this nonsense more date I still have a lot of
street yet today I have risen to diamond they
value playing alone every day since I
started and most of the comments on my
live have been negative buste ado how
bad you are I don't know that as a streamer reading
the chat with enthusiasm and receiving each
play comes out badly affects me
I recognize that I like to leave the chava
open so that everyone can
interact with me even if I don't have
money to pay a subscription but
this is already mentally exhausting me and I don't know what to
do I'm going to disconnect from the networks because
what's left of the day we'll
see him tomorrow with him many times
this happens to you man and disconnect need to
disconnect is that we are also all
[ __ ] day
all [ __ ] day from the moment you wake up
until you go to bed you get up to see
let's watch yesterday's videos what
happened that  views the videos have had
there let's see the monetization let's see this
everything is perfect all in green okay ok and
on twitter they have put something more
often someone comes out had
are loads that of course seem here
that they are cries of the first world no
evidently they will have worse problems
in the jobs they have again I know
that there is a lot of work that they have
many jobs that have their stress their
problems that arrive because you are fed up that
your boss tablet is bad and
you have to shut your mouth because
you have to pay for your house I know that
those vouchers exist but here we also
have other things other pressures in the
end everyone in everything everything has it everyone has their
own their bad days
theirs well
jordi white you are great but what
surprises me is that disconnecting at noon
is something to highlight
we are too connected I would say it would not do us
bad to normalize not being 24/7
pending on the network of a hug and encouragement
encouragement baby we have the unfortunate
where noticing the negative comments
strength friends it is not streets we are human
and it is normal that these things affect you I
love you carola I can only be happy to see
you there congratulations man I understand  that
sucks but you have to get past
al capone as much as possible cheer up old people come and
understand you I haven't felt for a few days
because when they get headed with something it's
unbearable
you have to be above you have to
realize that in reality the same thing
happens that many times it affects me it has
happened to me
calmly says the guy south
future I will never know how to get his future
future as it is called
literally the reason why I can't
competitive things during the amount
of fools you
have to realize that many times we don't
give them and we fall that we are
somewhere else okay then man there are
things that you are dates and especially
four bases years but man in the end
three that put a scale not
indigestion is what antonio
27 said that maybe it's his he
lives in the north pole or the equator and I
have no idea nor I forget to press on the
street life for the truth that I don't
care at all maybe that person who
wrote that comment put it there to
screw around to be a pain he got bored and let's
go the stream [ __ ]
how bad you are
then what do they tell you things that they know
bother you for the typical things  what do they
tell you hater
to go clicking there are people of 13 years old
who dedicate themselves to that it does
not matter if
you are at another level living off what
you like enjoying your job
with a lot of virtues and a lot of
good things that life is giving you and
you do not care really you do not care what they
are saying you know
imagine going up to diamond they value playing
alone from day 1 and having to put up with
paquito's comment 88 iron 3
edition before flipped sometimes you also
have to put yourself in the
extreme's shoes because a comment is
funny but 100% it hurts it happens I understand I
understand and there are many people who are going to
kill today it is to do damage in all the
jobs it is beans are cooked but on
top of that you all face it
publicly I understand my job is
very stressful but I do not have cameras
or haters at heart all the support of
course there are times when they put
very harmful things to me
and I think I have crocodile skin
but look a day may come to me
when it crosses me and come on imagine that I have
argued with  any family member or who has
had a bad day that the child that
the child has my head crazy and well
has saturated knows then explode it
can happen to me perfectly look they watched
any video when the
subject of things and toxicity has been skipped that
helps because it happened you know but for harmful things
pet dog here will be loaded with the
balls of Dallas
what a shame of your children that is
ridiculous you see what
put on the pants of things that
are also repulsive are
repulsive things but I already tell you those people are
so calm in their house being one
painted that surely
they are 13 years old they do not even study in salomé I tell you
you are on another level
you are earning your money doing what
you like it is that he is that it is absurd does
not think if it is really absurd to give it
importance even family let's let's say
goodbye
that is enough for today we are
going to give him the altar radio and we are
not
going to thank
Jonathan anymore thank you very much
what
[Music]
Paul and Paul is a good example for the
community
well he choca is your cousin no he choca it
's me
good night and already  that much not
almost 2000 people on youtube 700 out
there we've been hanging around
shooting [ __ ] about the finger who who
throws [ __ ] at me about the dead I
had played as a tea sometime we
see each other people we have to go to the daily
for everything I can't take it anymore
on the charge
[Music]
javi and many times for that ride
handsome I send you a big kiss churra
welcome to all the riders